Sir! Sir, are you all right?
Oh!  Yeah. You guys just have really... clean doors, so...
I'm just going to go sit down.
Jean!
Hey, Jean!
I'm, I'm inside!
But...you can't hear me,
so I'm just gonna... just gonna stop talking...
Are you OK?
That was so embarrassing! Do you think anyone saw that?
No! No one saw.
Well, except for maybe all those people laughing over there.
Here's some ice for your forehead.
[simultaneously] Oh, I'm OK.
They have really clean doors!
I know, right!
Definitely NOT how I imagined our first time... officially meeting.
Well... what was it it supposed to be like?
I don't know, a little more... charming and smooth and a little less... running into doors?
Oh! Anyway, here's your bag.
Oh!  Yeah, here's yours.
What is that!?
You don't recognise him? It's Edgar!
Well, he did put on a little bit of weight since he's been with me,
but I try not to bring it up because... it's a touchy subject.
I love it! He's even cuter now.
And now no one will 'accidentally' take your bag again.
Thanks, Daniel!
(acoustic music)
Oh! Hold on...
No, no. It's good, it's good.
Wow, it's 3 already!
You in a rush?
Hot date?
Huh, no!
Ugly date?
No date,
I just have some writing I have to get done.
Oh, yeah me too! I gotta go do some work, so...
Alright, well, I guess I should-
You should... You should come with me!
I want to show you something.
(acoustic music)
I might get the job out here.
You deserve it.
You're a great writer.
I read your notebook, so...
But I'd have to move to L.A.
Have you ever thought of living out here?
I tried it once...
...but there wasn't much for me here.
Everything I know is in New York.
...Oh.
But...
I think I found a reason to give it another try.
So, you sure you got everything?
Yeah.
You sure that one's mine?
Postive!
Well, it was nice to meet you... again.
So, will I be seeing you before I fly back?
Yeah,
I'd like that.
(sighs)
(acoustic music)
(letter) Hey, Jeremy.
I know it's been a while since we last spoke, but
I guess I feel like I had to say...
...something.
I still think about how things were left off between us, and...
...I wish it didn't happen the way that it did.
I'm going to be in LA for a little while and I thought...
...maybe there'd be a chance to give us another try?